# WHATS-NEXT
at the base its a roadmap to reduce the search for tutorials to better skills.
This project is supposed to be a platform that involves a road map for what a student/learner wants to be in life, the road map gives links to actual lessons or platforms to learn actual skills that'll improves success in whichever tech skills you might want to pursue, if someone wants to be a web developer, there'll be a road map from complete basics to the dire end, they can jump past different modules if they complete the project that asks for the knowledge of everything or the main things in the module from before. Students should be able to see their progress in a profile page, by having some sort of CV or portfolio that has the person's name, the skills he/she has learnt so far and rje rest, the person can mark whether they are done with a part of the road map when they can or they won't be able to move e.g if they are done with Web dev. Basics, freecodecamp, they can mark  as complete, with a project given to them to test if they've actually conquered that,befor the skill is added, then the rest and the rest. The platform should also pull real news data on the skills so they can suggest events to go to, internships to signup for if the user reaches a certain skill degree which will almost guarantee their success for the internship, then follow up with that and can also give tips for application eg. Google software engineering internships. The platform should also be able to allow the user to say when they are fed up with the career path they are going for now and suggest which one they can move to with the skills they have now. The platform should also ask for the user's course in university on the signup page (optional in case of non uni users), so they can try to merge, what the person wants to be with what the person is studying now to suggest a career and road map that grants both sides, then there's going to be a resources side of things where they can access docs for general info or talk to people well experienced in fields. As they go on and progress they can see it in theur portfolio/CV make up and can download the portfolio or get a web (for the web portfolio they'll be redirected to a partner that does portfolio website).
